---
template: BlogPost
path: /our-fertility-journey
date: 2020-10-07T04:46:52.921Z
title: Our Fertility Journey
---
I could not wait to start trying for a baby, so as soon as we were married I came off the pill (in which I had been on for 10+ years).  Who knew falling pregnant would be so hard.  It took about a year for my hormones to somewhat "balance" themselves out with the help of Jeanette (a functional hormone specialist).  

2017 - Still no luck of conceiving, we decided to go down the Calgary Regional Fertility Clinic.   I remember being excited, that they must of been the best of the best.  Their recommendation seemed to be a cookie cutter approach.  Start with Clomid (a drug which helps/stimulates ovulation) along with IUI.  We decided to just start with the Clomid on its own at first.  We tried 3 cycles of this with again ZERO luck.  So next was to try it with an IUI (where sperm is placed directly into the uterus).  First try was again unsuccessful, so onto our second IUI.  A rollercoaster of emotions, with less hope seen as the first one did not "work".  It was Lyntons birthday weekend.  We decided to also add pre and post acupuncture, trying to stay "as relax" as possible.  Thats what everyone tells you.......don't think about, stress is preventing it from happening.  But trust me, that is the last thing you want to hear when you have been trying and waiting soooooo damn long.  The weekend after this IUI I was flying out to LA for a bachelotte weekend,  I decided not to drink just in case I was pregnant.  I had slight cramping/spotting/sore boobs which are all signs of by period coming, but on Day 32 I decided to do a pregnancy test and it was POSITIVE!!! I was over the moon happy, but I think mainly just shocked as we had waited for so long that I couldn't believe it actually happened.  

We were so excited but obviously wouldn't proper sink in until be were able to have an ultra sound and see baby.  When we finally did baby was so strong and everything seemed healthy and normal.  I remember when we got given the scan photo I felt so proud that it was finally my turn to be pregnant and have a baby.   It was July 1 (Canada Day) and we had just finished celebrating a day at the lake.  Feeling great and actually surprised that I didn't have any spotting all day.  On the way home, my funny felt off, like I needed to go to the bathroom.  When we arrived home and I on the toilet, I felt like I was bleeding and when I looked down sure enough I saw a giant clot.  I was absolutely beside myself, I told Lynton I think we have lost the baby.  The midwife said these things can happen and be totally normal and to try and relax and get some rest.  At around 4am I started to get bad cramps and I passed another huge clot.....this was not normal, I knew something was wrong.  I remember telling Lynton I instantly don't feel pregnant anymore.  

After visiting the doctor, we were sent for an urgent Ultra Sound.  I was so nervous and scared, I remember when the technician was doing it I was watching Lyntons face to see his reaction, which wasn't what I was expecting.  I truly didn't know how I was going to take the news.  When the doctor came in to give us the results, my heart drop and never felt so much emotional pain....No heart beat, no baby, nothing was left.

How do you ever get over something like that? Totally out of your control mixed with guilt and something I had done wrong.  It was a very dark and sad few days, I have never cried so hard and so much.  While reflecting over the next week, I knew that I couldn't let this hold us down, for what ever reason
